pages/download/debian.md, before:

---
layout: download-page
title: Download for Debian
permalink: /download/debian/
class: download

distro_name: Debian
distro_icon: debian.svg
distro_accent: '215,7,81'
order: 1
---

{% capture stable %}

To add the repository and install, open the Terminal:

```shell
echo "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/polychromatic.gpg] http://ppa.launchpad.net/polychromatic/stable/ubuntu noble main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/polychromatic.list
curl -fsSL 'https://keyserver.ubuntu.com/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0xc0d54c34d00160459588000e96b9cd7c22e2c8c5' | sudo gpg --dearmour -o /usr/share/keyrings/polychromatic.gpg

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt install polychromatic
```
{% endcapture %}

{% capture preview %}

Get the latest changes in development from the [master branch](https://github.com/polychromatic/polychromatic/commits/master).

```shell
echo "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/polychromatic.gpg] http://ppa.launchpad.net/polychromatic/preview/ubuntu noble main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/polychromatic.list
curl -fsSL 'https://keyserver.ubuntu.com/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0xc0d54c34d00160459588000e96b9cd7c22e2c8c5' | sudo gpg --dearmour -o /usr/share/keyrings/polychromatic.gpg

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt install polychromatic
```

This repository is automatically uploaded when the tests pass.

{% endcapture %}

{% include partials/download-tabs.html
    stable=stable
    preview=preview
%}


### OpenRazer

OpenRazer is in the [official Debian repositories], but it can be a few versions behind.
If you need to use a device, feature or fix that was [released in a newer version], add [OpenRazer's repository for Debian].

You'll need to add your user to the `plugdev` group. Reboot afterwards for changes to take effect.

```shell
sudo gpasswd -a $USER plugdev
```

[official Debian repositories]: https://packages.debian.org/search?keywords=openrazer
[released in a newer version]: https://github.com/openrazer/openrazer/releases
[OpenRazer's repository for Debian]: https://software.opensuse.org/download.html?project=hardware%3Arazer&package=openrazer-meta


### About the repository

Launchpad acts as the repository host for this package archive.
Packages and dependencies are compatible and tested between Debian and Ubuntu.

The series are mapped as follows:

* `jammy` for Debian 11 "Bullseye" (Qt 5)
* `noble` for Debian 12 "Bookworm" (Qt 6)
* `noble` for Debian 13 "Bookworm" (Qt 6)

Commit message:

Download: Add warning for Debian about SHA-1 signing key
Drop the "Preview" tab because our new Debian repository is very
unlikely to have this. (If you need this, please run the program from
the Git repository directly instead.)

See also: polychromatic/polychromatic#562

pages/download/debian.md, after:

---
layout: download-page
title: Download for Debian
permalink: /download/debian/
class: download

distro_name: Debian
distro_icon: debian.svg
distro_accent: '215,7,81'
order: 1
---

{:.warning}
> **Debian 13 and later no longer accept the SHA-1 signing key as of February 2026.**
>
> Check back here later this month after we build a new repository.
> The one hosted on Launchpad will continue to work until February 2026.

To add the repository and install, open the Terminal:

```shell
echo "deb [signed-by=/usr/share/keyrings/polychromatic.gpg] http://ppa.launchpad.net/polychromatic/stable/ubuntu noble main" | sudo tee /etc/apt/sources.list.d/polychromatic.list
curl -fsSL 'https://keyserver.ubuntu.com/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0xc0d54c34d00160459588000e96b9cd7c22e2c8c5' | sudo gpg --dearmour -o /usr/share/keyrings/polychromatic.gpg

sudo apt-get update

sudo apt install polychromatic
```

### OpenRazer

OpenRazer is in the [official Debian repositories], but it can be a few versions behind.
If you need to use a device, feature or fix that was [released in a newer version], add [OpenRazer's repository for Debian].

You'll need to add your user to the `plugdev` group. Reboot afterwards for changes to take effect.

```shell
sudo gpasswd -a $USER plugdev
```

[official Debian repositories]: https://packages.debian.org/search?keywords=openrazer
[released in a newer version]: https://github.com/openrazer/openrazer/releases
[OpenRazer's repository for Debian]: https://software.opensuse.org/download.html?project=hardware%3Arazer&package=openrazer-meta


### About the repository

Launchpad acts as the repository host for this package archive.
Packages and dependencies are compatible and tested between Debian and Ubuntu.

The series are mapped as follows:

* `jammy` for Debian 11 "Bullseye" (Qt 5)
* `noble` for Debian 12 "Bookworm" (Qt 6)
* `noble` for Debian 13 "Bookworm" (Qt 6)
